com/Magazine/entity/User.java
 com.Magazine.entity.User
com/Magazine/Main.java
 com.Magazine.Main
com/Magazine/controller/AdminController.java
 com.Magazine.controller.AdminController
com/Magazine/service/ServiceAddress.java
 com.Magazine.service.ServiceAddress
com/Magazine/repository/AddressRepository.java
 com.Magazine.repository.AddressRepository
com/Magazine/entity/Product.java
 com.Magazine.entity.Product
com/Magazine/controller/RegistrationController.java
 com.Magazine.controller.RegistrationController
com/Magazine/controller/ModeratorControler.java
 com.Magazine.controller.ModeratorControler
 com.Magazine.controller.ModeratorControler$1
com/Magazine/service/ServiceBasketProduct.java
 com.Magazine.service.ServiceBasketProduct
com/Magazine/entity/Address.java
 com.Magazine.entity.Address
com/Magazine/entity/Discount.java
 com.Magazine.entity.Discount
com/Magazine/service/ServiceBasket.java
 com.Magazine.service.ServiceBasket
com/Magazine/service/ServiceMag.java
 com.Magazine.service.ServiceMag
com/Magazine/repository/ProductRepository.java
 com.Magazine.repository.ProductRepository
com/Magazine/entity/Basket.java
 com.Magazine.entity.Basket
com/Magazine/service/ServiceUser.java
 com.Magazine.service.ServiceUser
com/Magazine/repository/OrderHistoryProductRepository.java
 com.Magazine.repository.OrderHistoryProductRepository
com/Magazine/entity/OrderHistory.java
 com.Magazine.entity.OrderHistory
com/Magazine/repository/RoleRepository.java
 com.Magazine.repository.RoleRepository
com/Magazine/service/ServiceOrderHistoryProduct.java
 com.Magazine.service.ServiceOrderHistoryProduct
com/Magazine/repository/UserRepositoryAuthentification.java
 com.Magazine.repository.UserRepositoryAuthentification
com/Magazine/service/ServiceOrderHistory.java
 com.Magazine.service.ServiceOrderHistory
com/Magazine/service/ServiceProduct.java
 com.Magazine.service.ServiceProduct
com/Magazine/entity/Role.java
 com.Magazine.entity.Role
com/Magazine/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.Magazine.repository.UserRepository
com/Magazine/repository/DiscountRepository.java
 com.Magazine.repository.DiscountRepository
com/Magazine/service/ServiceDiscount.java
 com.Magazine.service.ServiceDiscount
com/Magazine/repository/BasketProductRepository.java
 com.Magazine.repository.BasketProductRepository
com/Magazine/repository/BasketRepository.java
 com.Magazine.repository.BasketRepository
com/Magazine/service/UserServiceAuthentification.java
 com.Magazine.service.UserServiceAuthentification
com/Magazine/config/MvcConfig.java
 com.Magazine.config.MvcConfig
com/Magazine/entity/OrderHistoryProduct.java
 com.Magazine.entity.OrderHistoryProduct
com/Magazine/config/WebSecurityConfig.java
 com.Magazine.config.WebSecurityConfig
com/Magazine/controller/UserController.java
 com.Magazine.controller.UserController
com/Magazine/repository/OrderHistoryRepository.java
 com.Magazine.repository.OrderHistoryRepository
com/Magazine/entity/UserAuthentification.java
 com.Magazine.entity.UserAuthentification
com/Magazine/entity/BasketProduct.java
 com.Magazine.entity.BasketProduct
